
  ______ __  __ _    _                      
 |  ____|  \/  | |  | |                     
 | |__  | \  / | |  | |___  __ _  __ _  ___ 
 |  __| | |\/| | |  | / __|/ _` |/ _` |/ _ \
 | |    | |  | | |__| \__ \ (_| | (_| |  __/
 |_|    |_|  |_|\____/|___/\__,_|\__, |\___|
                                  __/ |     
                       _         |___/      
     /\               | |                    
    /  \   _ __   __ _| |_   _ ___  ___ _ __ 
   / /\ \ | '_ \ / _` | | | | / __|/ _ \ '__|
  / ____ \| | | | (_| | | |_| \__ \  __/ |   
 /_/    \_\_| |_|\__,_|_|\__, |___/\___|_|   
                          __/ |              
                         |___/               
 
== FmUsage Analyser
FileMaker Server access log analyser. Reads list of your FileMaker databases, parse your FileMaker access log into MySQL DB and creates a WebDirect and iOS usage report to identify who is heavily using your concurrent connections.
Analyser helps to merger changes in performance of the application with new configuration/hardware/software/code ...

== Requirements
    PHP
    MySQL
    Phpmailer  https://github.com/PHPMailer/PHPMailer
    Google calendar.
	
== Configuration
* Create MySQL database and tables using db.sql
* Update config.ini
* Turn on the Google Calendar API. https://developers.google.com/google-apps/calendar/quickstart/php#prerequisites
* Run parsestats.php. On first run you will be asked to confirm using google API to access calendar.

== Run It
* Run parselog.php to parse your FileMaker access and event logs.
  Configure scheduler to run it at least once a day
* Run session.php to analyse logs
  Configure scheduler to run it at least once a day (5-10 minutes after parselog.php
* Run sendstat.php to email Usage report. Usage report sends IPhone, IPad and Webdirect summary only.
Result email:
  
    MyDatabase Usage report for November 2015
    This is an automatically generated message. Do not reply.
    
    Client                  Used Minutes    Billable Minutes
    administrator group A  	137                 0
    administrator group B  	1984                784
    administrator group C  	12                  0

* Run report_sched.php to save report for scheduled tasks in Google Calendar
  Configure scheduler to run it at least once a day (5-10 min after session.php)
* Run parsestats.php to analyze FileMaker stats log and save max number of users connected to the server for the last 30 min in Google Calendar
  Configure scheduler to run it every 30 min (for example, every 15th and 45th min)

== To Do
 add peak concurrent usage
